# Quantitative_Finance_Projects

This repository contains multiple projects in the field of Quantitative finance and Algorithmic trading.

Each project contains a documentation file, were we describe analyticaly the framework of this specific project. 
If a project contains jupiter notebooks instead of python files, then there is also theoritical background and implementation steps for each one.

Current projects in this repository : 

1) Algorithmic_Trading_ML_Python : 3 Projects 

            - Unsupervised Learning Trading Strategy
            - Twitter Sentiment Investing Strategy
            - Intraday Strategy Using GARCH Model

    To run the code install the dependacies from : Algorithmic_Trading_ML_Python\reguirements.txt

2) LSTM_Stock_Prediction_Web_app

    ## **Project: LSTM Model and Web Application for Stock Price Prediction**

### **Overview**

This project uses a Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) model to predict stock prices and hosts it on a web application. The LSTM model is trained on historical stock data and deployed to the web to provide interactive predictions for various stocks.

### **Key Features**

- **LSTM Model**: The machine learning model leverages LSTM neural networks, which are particularly adept at processing time series data, to predict future stock prices.

**Interactive Web App:** Users can input their stock ticker symbol of choice to view predictions generated by the LSTM model, with results visualized through interactive plots.

**User-friendly Interface:** The web application features an intuitive UI for seamless stock analysis, making it accessible to both experts and novices in quantitative finance.

### **Project Components**

1) **LSTM Model (Jupyter Notebook):**

This notebook includes the training pipeline for the LSTM model.
Data is preprocessed and scaled to fit the LSTM architecture.
The trained model is saved for later deployment.

2) **Web App (Python Script):**

A Python script implements the web app using a suitable web framework (e.g., Streamlit or Flask).
It loads the trained LSTM model and handles user input to provide real-time predictions.
The web app visualizes predictions via dynamic charts.

**Getting Started**

To get started with the project, ensure you have Python installed with the necessary libraries listed in the LSTM_Stock_Predictions_Web_App\requirements.txt file. Follow these instructions:

        - Clone the repository
        - pip install -r LSTM_Stock_Predictions_Web_App/requirements.txt
        - run all cells from LSTM.ipynb (to create and save the model)
        - python launch_web_app.py